I'm going
they'll slow down to make this corner
fact won't you stop here and I want to
see something can you back up like five
feet check your mirrors
oh hey that's good stop all right let's
taking her end of the lap god this car
probably hates the a tree that
doesn't make sense but just like I
taught you
we're in first
we can't start up but I showed you
I get on the straightaway over here
going to first a second is easy as your
startup's that you're having trouble
so that was no big deal but I'd like you
to make another left up here stop and
give me a nice smooth start great I'm
here yeah
all right so can you stop
still he's told a tendency to let the
clutch out fast
it's fine
much better
do one more and we'll call it a night
but this has to be like Donna yeah but
this has to be like so perfect smooth
just remember to keep letting it out
slow slowly same thing
wonderful wasn't that beautiful that was
beautiful
alright y'all done say goodbye